that's how it all looks like in london
work was a developed
Radwegenetz failed
on most streets in the center
bicyclists share cars and buses
lorry the roadway
who wants to do so needs courage
and luckily reporter is one
from them every day just empty from the
south london to his workplace
a theater in the city for some time
Time often with helmet camera the apple
documenting what's on London's streets
I've had a couple of accidents
not many
Often an oil spill is the cause or
you get into one of the many
potholes
but I was already hit by
a car and I have the right one
broken clavicle
Find the pictures of the helmet cameras
quickly make your way to the net
Hundreds of clips show everyday life
the streets of London
The media is already calling it a war
You can not really one or the other
the other side blame it
There are black sheep everywhere
cyclists as well as the car
but the cyclist is a lot
more endangered so he needs more
protection
The number of cyclists in London is rising
many from year to year are the
public transport too expensive
or too full and the car comes to you
hardly any progresses
I added thousands of rental bikes
I've seen a few accidents but
you just have to take care of yourself
everyone comes here just too close
Nobody takes into consideration especially the
taxi driver not quite
Nervous it is everywhere this
traffic but at the same time exciting
he does that, too
The accident statistics are terrifying
More than 120 cyclists are in the
past two years in london
deadly accident does not always work
like here just good for
more security on the streets wants
London Mayor Boris Johnson also
he cares for himself almost every day
to work recently, he has his big
Visions for London presents the
a million metropolises should become a city
for two-wheeled vehicles are wheeled boulevard
it like this along the thames the
cost a billion euros to fit
that 2014 on the tour de france station
in London, vision makes the ben potter
still little help in professional traffic today
but at least he has achieved his goal
13 kilometers in about 30 minutes
that you make during the day in london despite
all driven only with one
transport the bicycle